Drop `better-regex` rule (#2968)
sindresorhus/eslint-plugin-unicorn: docs/deleted-and-deprecated-rules.md

### ~regex-shorthand~

### ~better-regex~

> This rule was renamed to [`better-regex`](rules/better-regex.md) and alter removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule was renamed to [`better-regex`](rules/better-regex.md) as it does more than just preferring the shorthand.

### ~better-regex~

[Reason for removing `better-regex`]
```
